hello I'm Mary in the silence show you
something very delicious say California
rose mmm I'm here and ready to follow
your recipe for this recipe we need one
roasted seaweed liver look like this you
can bind a special Japanese nori the
name yes market special Japanese rice
green mousse tart was the counter and of
course the salmon it's a beautiful piece
of salmon right then we start now about
the right so we live in a position and
not very sure that the word optimum we
prepare this son we cut
ladies then of course we have to take
out the same is a little like this today
you're doing some skating for now roars
below this this is something
extraordinary and to remember you
usually the mighty in the presentation
that is done still later yes we take the
naughty leaves one of them and we put
the rice this is a momentous and
shandricka will be the first things we
see in the California the rice outside
it's like this you have to put very
carefully in a in a crisis regular only
to one because we sing Jesus yes
the piece of salmon was exceptional I'm
sure very tasty as we like a lot of
Japanese food it's very healthy and
light light exactly the spirit of
marriages in the city then we take the
paper this is a special plastic for the
full of food is essentially step because
in case you don't do this stick
everywhere it's not possible this is a
moment pressure and here we put our
ingredients as Sigma what's possible to
to make with the crowd as some from
exactly and they are see is little bit
in the center the first lineman to
repeat on this side on my side because
we start to roll because at least when
you're wrong with easier to make keeps a
plastic and I don't solve is also
plastic but I keep I advise everybody to
practice because you know this is a
circular
knowledge is coming with the practice
then I put the plastic around it yeah
putting the carpet in like Chris don't
make the form and we cut in half first
have you seen humans oh yeah yeah it's a
momentary cadence and you need
experience to do by to engage it by one
just it a bit slowly but never not means
you get all you can get now
the result is exceptional we live
special sticks we hope you enjoy it and
see you soon our next recipe
thank you today and bye bye bye lovely